I can't leave now. I am wating for an important telephone call.
What does she do? She plays piano.
He must be very hungry. He has't eaten for anything in three days.
First he had worked as a salesman, then as night clerk and after that he quit his job and become a writer.
I usually go to work by bus. It takes me about forty minutes to get to work by bus.
Yesterday my daughter flew in an airplane for the first time in her life. She has never flown in an airplane before.
Are you going to Lena's party? No. I am staying at home tonight. I'm a little tired.
She probably lost her keys while she was walking in the park.
Will the rain ever stop? I has been raining all day.
I will finish my repor in an hour or so. The we can go to a movie.
When we had eaten the lunch, we sat in the garden.
While I was looking for my keys, I remembered I had left them at home.
Anna used to play badminton when she was at school.
When I got into bed I fell asleep immediately.
When I found finally the house I knocked at the door.
After Jill had given Nick her books she went home.
Maria lived in Sweden when she was a child.
I used to get up early when I went sailling.
The Vikings sailed to North America thousand years ago.
Juliet was sure she had seen the tall man before
While I was waiting ath the bus stop, I had noticed a new shop that hadn't been it the street the day before.
I went into the gardento fetch my bike, but found that it had been stolen.
I went into the gardento fetch my bike, but found that someone had been stolen it.
When George met Diana at the party, he thought that he had seen her somewhere before.
Emily got off the bus, and walked into the bank when she realized that she had left her handbag on the bus.
After I had bought my new computer, I discovered that I didn't have enough memory.
I went to the post office to ask about my package, but they said that it still hadn't arrived.
go shopping
go sailing
go shopping
go skiing

Irregular verbs:
fall, fell, fallen
feel, felt, felt
